# Intellectual-and-Financial-investment-Evaluation-of-Chinese-Semiconductor-Industry
As part of the ambitious “Made in China 2025” blueprint, Chinese officials have set the semiconductor industry a goal of reaching US$305 billion in output by 2030 and meeting 80% of domestic demand. Aiming high, the Chinese semiconductor industry seems frustrating as for its development despite the government’s support. As most commonly known, talents and capital resources are the fundamental drivers for the development of tech-intensive industry. Guided by this concern,  our research focuses on the two most important factors determining the prospect of this industry—intellectual training and financial investment. Our project aims to provide deep insights into the current bottlenecks and advise on future development to help achieve the long-term sustainable thriving of the Chinese semiconductor industry.
The semiconductor industry is fundamental for the construction of a high-tech and digitized society. For years, China has relied on the imported CPUs, GPUs, and AI chips for its Information Technology development. As we look at the global semiconductor industry, we see raw materials dominated by Japan, designing and manufacturing dominated by the US and Europe while China’s semiconductor industry seems inanimate. The has no apparent sign of surging considering the market share despite the repetitive urging from the government and waves of new companies aiming for breakthroughs. Although it’s hard to penetrate this market considering the oligopolist and capital-intensive market feature, it seems still confusing that there’s no dynamo in the Chinese market as funds and resources seem not being a problem for a government-pursuing target. Therefore, we want to look at things from the root and try to find the keys that might unlock the unanimity in the Chinese semiconductor industry. Specifically, we would like to focus on two things:
 Firstly, we would like to evaluate the training of electronic engineering talents in China, since a sustainable, up-to-date training is the source for stable development in this industry. Secondly, we would like to look at the general feasibility of funding from non- governmental sources among semiconductor companies in China. We believe that although the government can provide funding at the beginning, for the long-term sustainable development in this industry, we need to thrive and compete within the private sector, as markets are usually considered as the filter for good and bad companies.
Our research direction is practical in the sense of its timeliness. As the Chinese government has set a very ambitious target for a complete, world-leading IC production chain by the year 2030, our research would give insight into feasibility in achieving those targets. Also, in comparing with the semiconductor industry features in the mature market, we might identify the deficiencies for further improvement, focusing on the fundamental development in education regarding electronic engineering, microelectronics, and the dynamics for the public sector fund-raising.

1.1 Difficulties and our solutions
Chinese educational system is fundamentally different from that of any other country so that a direct comparison might be biased and unconvincing.

We previously would like to set up some quantifiable parameters from US semiconductor college education for comparison to discern what wasn’t doing appropriately with the Chinese semiconductor college education. However, when we really look into features of the talent development in Chinese and American educational system, this idea diminished quickly. The education of semiconductor talent does not only differ in how they distinguish the different track of talents by setting up different majors, but also in the educational period. During our research, we discovered many programs in US colleges especially targeting at fostering the IC designer talents, while Chinese universities set up courses more broadly. For example, students going for electronic information science and technology could go for chip designing, but also wireless communication and others related to signal processing and broadcasting. Moreover, a large portion of the employees in the US semiconductor industry hold bachelor’s degree, yet those in Chinese semiconductor industry has mostly minimum degree of masters. This observation mitigates the significance of the comparison between the employment rate at different degree.
To address these two problems, we decided that should do time-series research focusing on the only relevant Chinese data and study the trend of measurement such as the graduate-industry conversion rate, over the years to evaluate the Chinese educational system on its own.

The capital-raising situation in semiconductor industry are hard to capture. Contrary to the oligopoly situation in the US or in other parts of the world, Chinese semiconductor industry are featured by some big companies with waves of smaller and younger companies, which mostly receive the venture capital investment and are hard to track the investors and volume of capital. For this reason, we decided to focus on public companies whose financials are easier to acquire. 

1.2 Approaches and Method
For the first part, we will give an overview on the Chinese semiconductor industry, including its constitution, features, and weaknesses. This includes the pattern of production applied by most firms; some key features regarding the technological and financing aspect of this industry, subdivision of the product and their features, and a discussion on the potential further developing direction.

For the second part, we will focus on evaluating the high-level (college-level) education regarding semiconductor. By focusing on the construction of three majors (Photoelectron Information & Science, Electronic Information Science and Technology, microelectronic). We would like to evaluate their talent fostering system from the following several perspectives:
1. Distribution of majors among Universities
2. Geographic feature of the major distribution
3. Evaluation of the Faculty resources for semiconductor-related majors in Chinese top universities
4. Evaluation of the employment situation among Chinese semiconductor-related majors.

The main purpose of these evaluations above are attempts to reveal whether the higher education are systematically transmitting qualified talents for the development of Chinese semiconductor industry. By analyzing from multiple perspectives such as faculty resources, the employment situation of related major, and the featured distribution of majors geographically, it might be possible to reveal the possible point for amendment as well. 

The third part will be focused on the financing for the semiconductor companies, including an overview on current financing channels and an evaluation of the dynamics in the capital market for semiconductor companies. We will look into the following aspects: 
1. Identified institutional investors and financial support led by the government 
2. Balance Sheet analysis of selected publicly listed semiconductor companies and evaluation of credit market funding difficulties
3. Listing trend for semiconductor companies 
4. Regression analysis— key financial figures that attract fund investments
